Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
[soft dramatic music]
♪ ♪
[sighs]
[grunting. shouting]
-Bye. Ma.
-[speaking Spanish]
Gracias. Ma. Okay.
-Okay. Gracias.
-Eh. eh. eh!
[grunting. shouting]
-[speaking Spanish]
[clears throat]
♪ ♪
[hissing]
[grunting. shouting]
[gunfire. shouting on tv]
[intense knocking]
Hello? Open up. somebody.
Hello. I need help. I need help.
Open up. somebody.
[speaks Spanish]
-[speaking Spanish]
-Hold on. Ma. I got it.
[crying] [speaking Spanish]
-What's wrong?
-[speaking Spanish]
I need you to help me.
What... what is
it? Are you hurt?
No. no. no. I'm fine. It's Ivan.
They just took him
right in front of me.
Wait. hold up. Brenda.
Brenda. take a breath.
-Okay.
-Take a breath. Come in.
[breathing heavily] I
was. um. picking him up
from the market from his work.
and then he came outside.
and these three men.
they came out of nowhere
and started grabbing
him and then took him
towards this van.
-Ay. Dios mío!
And then I tried to
get them off of him.
They pushed me.
And then they threw
him into the van.
and they drove off.
Did you get a look
at their faces.
skin color. anything like that?
No. they had masks on.
-What color was the van?
-White.
I... I told the 911
police lady all of this.
-Oh. so you called 911?
-Yes!
And I waited for.
like. half an hour.
Nobody came. so then
I showed up here.
And you have no idea
who could be doing this.
Was Ivan having any problems?
-With what?
Was he involved in anything?
Did he owe anybody money?
-Dante.
What kind of a question is that?
You... you know us.
Ivan is a good man.
I know.
You need to be out
there finding him.
not accusing him.
-I'm trying to do my job.
Well. I need you to
do better. please.
[phone chimes]
-Okay. What?
What is it?
I think Ivan just made a...
a withdrawal from an ATM.
Wait. hold up. How
much? Let me see.
1.940.
And 2.000's your max withdrawal?
Yes. Why?
-[speaking Spanish]
Oh. no. please. if
something happens to him.
I don't think that I
could... please. no.
I'm gonna do
everything that I can.
Yeah. alert came
in at 11:48 p.m.
Withdrawal from his
personal account.
How far are you from the ATM?
-Seven blocks.
-Okay. good.
Well. just head over there.
Secure the scene and
check for cameras.
Maybe grab a plate off that van.
I'll meet you over there.
-All right.
Uh. Sarge. I know
this guy. Ivan.
I know his family.
My mom shops at his supermarket.
I... I play basketball
with his son.
I just... I gotta get him back.
All right. so let's
get to it. then.
Thank you.
Sarge. I'm pulling
up to the ATM.
I have eyes on Ivan Alvarez.
-What?
What about the offenders?
-No. it looks like he's alone.
I don't see a van.
He's taking out more
money right now.
I have no idea what's going on.
-Okay. move in light.
Keep your head on a swivel.
I'm still a mile out.
All right.
[tense music]
♪ ♪
Hey. Ivan. Ivan.
[speaking Spanish]
-Dante?
-[speaking Spanish]
-Watch out!
[both grunting]
[glass shatters]
-[grunts]
-Dante!
[grunting]
No! No! No!
-[shouting]
♪ ♪
I'll get you bandaged up.
but you're gonna
need some sutures.
I'm good. I'm good.
-You got anything on that van?
-No. we got nothing yet.
They stayed out the
way of the bank cams.
and there's no PODs in there.
-The supermarket Ivan owns?
And his cams are
under maintenance.
Imani's canvassing the scene
right now for witnesses.
but I don't think
anybody saw anything good
because the offenders
were masked and gloved.
-What about the ATM camera?
-That I do have.
Bank security just
sent over the footage
from the first
withdrawal. Here we go.
The offenders had
knowledge. avoided the cam.
Yep. at 11:48 p.m..
they make just under
the max withdrawal.
hold anchor. and then
right after midnight.
they do it all over again.
They're double dipping.
waiting for the
daily cap to reset.
That sounds like a
flash kidnapping. man.
That happens all the
time in Latin America.
They take a victim to an ATM.
and they bleed him out dry.
It's quick and easy
payout for them.
Contacted Asset Forfeiture.
We got a trap and trace
on Alvarez's bank card.
Soon as anything
pops. we'll know.
They've already
been made. though.
If they're smart. They
won't hit the ATMs again.
So let's hope they're not smart.
Get eyes on every
branch of that bank.
We work a canvass
and run the citywide
through Violent Crimes
for any abduction
with a similar MO.
All right. let's go.
-Copy that.
No. like I said. I saw the van.
but the masked dudes
only came out when
"Lethal Weapon" here showed up.
That's when things popped off.
Okay. so you didn't get a plate.
get a look at the
driver. or anything?
-And your boy didn't?
-Answer the question. please.
That wasn't enough for you?
Want me to do your taxes too?
Yo. someone just
got kidnapped. man.
How about you just
focus on that?
[speaking Spanish]
Blue hasn't been focused
on Pilsen for a minute.
People getting snatched
up off the streets.
dudes pulling double headers.
-Snatched up?
So you heard of this before.
people getting grabbed
up. hitting ATMs?
-[speaking Spanish]
-Millionaire tour.
Ah.
So are y'all gonna do
something about it now?
Or are you just hunting
down some rich dude's Rolex
from the Gold Coast?
Thanks for your cooperation.
You good?
-Yeah. Just a scratch.
You know. I understand.
man. when it's your people.
your hood. but you gotta
take care of yourself
before you take care of them.
And would you listen
to that speech?
I regretted it
every time I didn't.
Get stitched up.
We need you. Ocean.
Ivan Alvarez lives in Pilsen.
owns the Mi Mundo Supermarket.
Guy's got no priors. not
even a parking ticket.
Dude's done well for himself...
probably why he was targeted.
Latino supermarkets.
cash-heavy retail.
Yeah. this place
clears 20.000 a day.
All right. so Robbery Homicide
has five open abduction cases
that may match our crew's MO.
All in Pilsen. all in
the last three months.
but the records are crap.
Files are all super thin.
I don't know if it's
Spanish speakers
or poor translators
or bad victims.
Or not enough police
working in Pilsen.
12th District is understaffed.
We're running up against
a wave right there.
Also that. They're
sending over the files.
It's gonna take a
second to sort through.
[sighs]
Okay. what do we
have on that van?
Still nothing.
We're looking. but
no cams or PODs.
no leads on plates.
Can't even lodge an
investigative alert
with what we got.
We got six undercover
eyes on different branches
in the area. Nothing yet.
It's not a good sign.
These hits are meant to
be hot. quick. low risk.
If these guys know
Torres is police.
if they know police
are onto them.
they're gonna know they
can't hit any more ATMs.
At which point
Alvarez is not gonna
hold any more use for them.
Could work for a
ransom. Use Brenda.
Well. either way. the
clock just sped up.
We get a trap and trace
on Brenda's phone?
-Working on it.
-Well. make it happen.
Where's Torres?
Getting stitched up.
I'ma fill him in.
You should really get to Med.
I'm not supposed
to be doing this.
This isn't just a surface cut.
You might need deep
dermal sutures.
This... this'll do for now.
Let me give you some
painkillers. at least.
I said this will do.
Thank you.
I'll get you a bandage.
[sighs]
[phone chimes]
[soft tense music]
♪ ♪
[knocking] Brenda.
Hey. it's Officer Torres.
Brenda?
Hey.
What up. compa?
-Hey. Dante.
-Hey. where's your mom at?
-She's upstairs.
-All right.
Is my dad okay?
Yeah.
Yeah. you know. he's...
he's gonna be fine. all right?
Brenda? [knocking]
It's Officer Torres.
[door creaks]
How much?
I don't think I can get that.
-Brenda?
-Okay. I'll do it.
[door rattling]
Was that them. the
men who took Ivan?
Did they make a demand? Huh?
Set up a ransom drop?
Hey. Brenda. Brenda. it's okay.
Give me your phone.
Come here. Give me your phone.
Brenda. Brenda.
Listen to me. I'm police.
I'm here to get Ivan back safe.
No. I need you out
of my house now.
-What?
-No. no.
I... I want you to leave. Dante.
Brenda. whatever
they told you...
No. no. I don't want
to talk to police.
-I can help you.
-You cannot. okay?
Get out of my house now.
[tense music]
Listen to me.
I'm from right down
the block. okay?
You know me.
Born and raised.
born and raised.
All right? I'm on your side.
[speaking Spanish]
-[speaking Spanish]
I waited. I waited.
And I called the
cops. and no one came.
And did you know that there
have been more of these?
Yes. yes. we're looking into
the previous ones right now.
Now? [scoffs] After
all these months?
Horacio's been down the
street telling me that
there have already
been five of them.
Brenda. listen to me.
You need my help.
No. I do not.
I need my husband home safe!
I need to protect my family.
I need God to protect us.
And I need you out
of my house now.
Now. Get out now.
Get out now.
[door slams]
-Nothing. huh?
-Nope.
She wouldn't say a word
to me. Absolutely nothing.
I can take another run at her.
It's not gonna work.
Not now. anyway.
It needs to work
or she's gonna get
her husband killed.
We can squeeze her
and leverage her
for obstruction of justice.
No. that woman doesn't
trust law enforcement...
and for good reason.
Look. we're gonna destroy
that even further.
Not if we get her
husband back safe.
It won't work.
If we squeeze her.
she's gonna dig in.
-Burgess?
-Yeah. I'm here.
Did Brenda give you anything?
-No.
So what else do we have?
-Still nothing on the van.
Brenda's phone carrier gave
us the number that called her.
It's a prepaid mobile sold
at a local corner store.
All right. Can we get
the tower location?
No. because the
call duration lasted
only four minutes.
just enough time
to lay out demands.
amount. location.
Yeah. and I'm guessing that
burner's turned off now.
Yeah. the provider said it was
the first time it was turned on.
Imani's headed to
the corner store
where it was purchased now.
All right. monitor that burner
so we know when it's back up.
and keep digging
into past abductions.
I wanna ID this crew
before they make the drop.
-Copy.
-All right. listen to me.
You keep an eye on Brenda.
The second she moves.
we move with her.
[soft ominous music]
♪ ♪
Sarge. I got Brenda
coming out of her house.
She's holding an
empty duffel bag.
I think she's gonna go
get that ransom money.
Just stay with her. I'm
hitting the team up now.
All right. Copy you.
[exhales sharply]
♪ ♪
She went into a bank on
Washington and Racine.
I'm set up to the west.
All right. Dante. we got you.
Just landed at your 12:00.
Yeah. I see you.
That's her.
She's loaded up.
This drop could
be happening now.
Dante. you stay tight.
We'll take the long eye.
Voight. you copying all this?
Yeah. I'm en route
northbound on Halsted.
She headed home?
No.
It's the opposite
direction. on Canal.
Okay. keep calling it out.
All right. passing 18th.
Approaching 16th.
I got her turning
left on 14th Street.
I'm gonna take this
turn. but no other.
Copy you.
I'm westbound on 14th.
Getting in front of you now.
-All right.
She just parked her vehicle
in front of the outdoor market
at 14th and South Peoria.
She's on foot.
duffel bag in hand.
She's going inside.
[indistinct chatter]
Sarge. I'm following her in.
This has gotta be where
she's making the drop.
All right. we're in the
area. throwing down an anchor
on University near
the main entrance.
There's no back
exit to this place.
Yeah. it just curved.
I'm heading in the
west end to get an eye.
I got families and
kids all in here.
She's headed for a drop point.
We don't have a clear line.
There's no way to
mitigate the risk.
I'm moving in.
Kim. Adam. you set up for a
takeaway in any direction.
Torres. you keep eyes on Brenda.
Keep real low.
Copy you.
♪ ♪
I still have her walking.
Any sign of an offender?
No contact. Hasn't
used her phone.
Nothing here.
Has Brenda dropped the bag?
She still has the bag.
Still on the move.
All right. get closer.
but stay in the shadows.
All right. she's slowing down.
She's waiting. far east corner.
She seems nervous.
I don't know why she's
not dropping the bag.
Maybe this isn't the spot.
Wait. Hold up. hold up. hold up.
I got a male. 40s. bald. 6-foot.
He's approaching Brenda.
Yeah. I see him.
Give me the bag and walk away.
Something's not right.
She's not handing it over.
Hey. hey. hey.
stop. Just hold it.
Just hold your position.
-Give me the bag!
Give me the... give me the bag.
Give it to me.
-Hey. hey. hey. Hey.
Gun. gun. gun. Hey!
Chicago Police!
[gunshots]
[people screaming]
[sobbing] No.
♪ ♪
-He's dead.
-No. [sobs]
Stay with her. Okay? Call it in.
Hey. we split and search
for other offenders. Move!
-No. please.
-5021 Ocean. emergency.
Shots fired by the police.
offender down.
1400 South Peoria.
Hey. you can't touch him.
-I need him.
You can't touch him.
No. because he needs
to help me find him.
There's no one left
to find him now!
How... how are we going...
-Listen to me.
Just breathe.
-To find him now?
-Just breathe.
-Saint Anthony. please.
[sobbing]
Please protect my husband.
Please be with him.
Hear me. Saint Anthony.
He's not forsaken...
[soft tense music]
♪ ♪
[gasps sharply]
[panting]
[coughs]
[breathing heavily]
♪ ♪
Kev. sending you a printout now.
Got it? Okay.
So we have no sign of
any other offenders.
no sign of the White van.
The dead offender had no
keys. phone. or wallet on him.
so we've got no
leads as to where
he was headed with the cash.
Well. I got a hit on
the prints. Ross Skuban.
He used to work at
a delivery company
off of Nolan. a couple
priors for domestic.
Okay. we got him on cams
entering the market?
Not yet.
No idea how this
Skuban got here.
But what about his LKA?
Well. he used to live
in Garfield Park.
According to his landlord. he
skipped out three weeks ago.
But we do have a car registered
to his name. a 2014 Corolla.
But that was not at the market.
I'm working on his
phone records now.
Known associates is
a real long list.
Dude only knew ass wipes.
Gonna take time to run.
-Kev. you said a 2014 Corolla?
-Yes. that's right.
I feel like I've seen
that in our previous.
Got it. Okay. Yeah. yeah.
Gustavo Sanz. he was...
uh. reported an
abduction two months ago.
sorted through about four
different detectives.
And he said to one of
them... here. here.
"Gray Corolla. looked to
me about a 2010 make."
-Okay.
-Oh.
Emergency contact is
his cousin. Jimena Sanz.
Say that name again?
Jimena Sanz. S-A-N-Z.
Got her.
She owns a tattoo
parlor in West Town.
Lives right above it.
-Go.
Jimena Sanz? You her?
We're closed for
lunch right now.
Is that your lunch?
Don't yuck my yums.
What do you want?
Officer Torres.
Detective Burgess.
We'd like to ask
you a few questions
about the abduction involving
your cousin. Gustavo Sanz.
Oh. two months later.
That is some
stellar police work.
Also you're bleeding. You
should take care of that.
You live in the apartment
upstairs. right?
Is Gustavo here?
You guys clearly
don't speak sarcasm.
I meant. please leave.
Gustavo's not here.
Do you know the Mi
Mundo Supermarket?
Yeah. the one on Talman? Why?
The owner. Ivan Alvarez.
got abducted by three men.
thrown into a white van.
and taken to an ATM.
Does that sound familiar?
I'm sorry.
I don't know anything
that can help you guys.
Is that true?
Yes. that's true.
Besides. it would be a
little bit late. right?
We had problems. We came
to you guys for help.
Police don't help.
We get more problems.
Listen. listen.
Ivan is running out
of time. all right?
He's... he's out
there. right now.
He's alone. He's in trouble.
So if you know anything or
you know where Gustavo is...
I'm here.
What do you wanna know?
Gustavo got jumped
walking to his car.
three male offenders. masked.
They hit three different ATMs
and then stashed
Gustavo somewhere
until the daily
withdrawal limit reset.
And after they dumped
him. he called police.
He got sorted by four
different detectives
and then was asked
about gang affiliation.
They threw a hood over him.
but there was a
tear in the fabric.
He thinks he caught a glimpse
of the Stockyards gate.
Well. that narrows it
down to back of the yards.
Gustavo also said that it
smelled like rotten eggs
where they kept him.
Rotten eggs like. what.
a food processing plant?
Yeah. but he didn't
hear anything.
and those places are super loud.
Hang on.
Skuban used to make deliveries
to a paper warehouse
that shut down a year ago.
Raw pulp smells like sulfur.
That's good enough for me.
All right. grab a
couple Tact guys.
Let's hit it.
[tense music]
♪ ♪
Go.
Move.
Burgess.
I found him.
[somber music]
♪ ♪
5021 Eddie.
Got a body at the paper mill
on the corner of Pullman...
♪ ♪
No vehicles out front.
No clear indication
of anyone else here.
Forensics is on their way.
-Security cams?
There's a few out back.
Atwater's running them.
Offenders must have cut bait
after Skuban didn't
show with the cash.
Killed Alvarez and ran.
They'll be panicking.
We can use it.
Sarge. security camera from
a business across the street
got a hit on a white van fleeing
a warehouse 20 minutes ago.
-We got a plate?
-Yeah. I got a plate.
And I sent out a flash
message and a BOLO.
Okay. notify CPIC.
Have them run every traffic
cam within a mile radius.
Let's lick this place clean.
I wanna know everyone
who ever came or went.
5021 David. can you repeat
that plate on your BOLO?
Yeah. this is 5021
David. Here we go.
Adam. David. 8-4-9-4.
I wrote that van a
mover two minutes ago.
Got 'em blowing the red
at West 35th and Ashland.
Let's go. We'll
fan out from there.
Sarge. someone needs
to notify Brenda.
Yeah.
[somber music]
♪ ♪
[sobbing] It's my fault.
I thought I was doing
the right thing.
I'm sorry.
Oh. my God. [sobbing]
Oh. God.
-It's not your fault. okay?
It's not your fault.
No. no.
Pray with me.
Please. Dante.
[sighs deeply]
[speaking Spanish]
♪ ♪
Torres. you got ears in?
-Yeah. go ahead.
-We recovered the van.
We got the driver in custody.
We're headed back in now.
-I'm on my way.
Driver's name is Jason Machado.
Guy's an accountant with
serious gambling debts.
Seemed like he was serving up
his whole clientele to his crew.
No gun on him. no
gunshot residue.
but there's trace amounts
of blood in the van.
and we're working it right now.
-Is he talking?
-No. not yet.
We got Burgess on him.
-He our shooter?
-Hard to say.
All right. if that's the
way you wanna play it.
that's how we're gonna play it.
I'll get started
on the paperwork.
[door slams]
Let me run at him.
Jason Machado. CPA.
DePaul graduate.
currently residing
in Elmwood Park.
[speaks Spanish]
So they send the Latino
in to connect with me.
You betrayed your people. man.
We got nothing to connect on.
Well. Officer.
feel free to leave.
I will. but first you're
gonna give me a name.
Third one on your crew.
-Crew?
It's all here. most of it.
You know. you lost too
much on the ponies.
You needed cash for your
second mortgage for...
for your kid.
I bet you tried to
con your clients out
of their money first. but
it wasn't fast enough.
So you. Skuban. and a
third got some guns.
some masks. and
stole from Pilsen.
They don't trust police.
They don't trust
anybody. really...
and for good reason.
They've been
ignored. stepped on.
taken advantage of.
and you knew that.
You knew it'd be easy.
But then. as far
as I'm concerned.
that's when you decided
to kill Ivan Alvarez.
It's not so easy anymore.
I don't know anything
about any killing.
No. no. No.
It's all here.
You put two bullets in him
while he was hooded in a closet.
That's messy.
That's first-degree murder.
Skuban's dead.
I shot him.
So he's dead. You
won't give me a name.
Guess who eats the whole charge?
You don't know what
you're talking about.
You're never gonna
see your kid again.
You're gonna die
in federal prison
because nobody's
coming. [chuckles]
No lawyer is walking
through that door
to save you. no other police.
No family member to visit you.
No God to answer your prayers.
You'll get no protection at all.
Nobody's coming.
It's just me.
So I wouldn't tell me nothing.
I didn't kill him.
That doesn't matter
without a name.
Nobody was supposed to die.
I wasn't even near them.
I told him to stop.
Who? Huh? Who?
-I can't give you a name.
-Give me a name.
-Look. I'm helping.
-Look. I'm talking to you.
-Give me a name!
I didn't kill him.
all right? Allard!
Okay. Allard. Mike Allard.
He killed Ivan.
-Where is he now?
I don't know. I don't know.
He said he didn't wanna run.
You gotta do better than that.
-It was too hot.
-Gotta do better than that.
I don't know. I don't know. Mm.
Do better. Do better. Do better.
He's got a... he's
got a storage spot
in... in... in Pilsen.
3800... 3800 Logan.
He said he wasn't coming
home. so he'll be there.
Hey.
I mean. don't I get a deal?
I never promised
you a damn thing.
[tense music]
[door slams]
♪ ♪
Hey! Move. Get out of here now.
Move.
-Go.
In position.
♪ ♪
Chicago PD! Stop! Stop!
Get back inside. Move! Move!
I've got eyes on Allard.
He's armed. headed for
the north stairwell.
I'm on my way.
Torres. be ready.
-Hey! Chicago PD!
-Hey! Stop!
Give me a leg up.
Ready? Ready?
-Yep. yep.
[groaning]
♪ ♪
[both grunting]
Drop it! Don't move!
Drop it!
-Oh. this one speaks English.
Or don't.
We could just hold
court right here.
I'll make it quick.
Police! Drop it.
Hey. Allard. drop the gun.
put your hands in the
air. and turn around.
Allard. listen to me.
Drop the weapon.
He will shoot you.
I ain't playing.
He will drop you dead
right where you stand
if you don't drop that damn gun.
Drop it right the
hell now. Drop it.
♪ ♪
All right. Palms to the sky.
Turn around.
I got it. I got it.
Walk backwards toward
the sound of my voice.
Take your time.
On your knees.
♪ ♪
[indistinct chatter]
I'll check on him.
[engine rumbles]
They're taking him in.
Yo. thanks for
that up there. man.
I was reading him wrong.
and I didn't think
he would give up.
Yeah.
You good?
Looks like your
sutures ripped out.
You gotta get that checked.
Look. I know this
was a tough one.
I know last year was real tough.
But if you keep...
-Right.
Beating yourself up
about what happened...
I just gotta...
I just gotta find a way
to deal with it all.
But I'll find it.
Hell. yeah. you will.
Thank you.
I'm here.
[Le Magdalena's "Cenizas"]
♪ ♪
[singing in Spanish]
Excuse me. One second.
You stalking me. Officer?
Kidding.
I was drinking over
there and saw you.
Thought I'd come
and join the party.
It's not really a
party over here.
No. that was also sarcasm.
You should take some
lessons on Duolingo maybe.
[chuckles]
What did you do to it?
What?
I do ink and piercings.
I know when people
mess with their wounds.
Why are you?
♪ ♪
You didn't get him back... Ivan?
No.
[solemn music]
Makes it feel
better. doesn't it?
The pain.
♪ ♪
I used to. um. pray when
things felt too much.
And it made me
feel better. safe.
It's like something
in me would settle.
and it would...
wouldn't hurt as bad.
But that's not
working now. so...
I don't. um. feel him.
And it's...
it's not the pain.
It's not the pain that
helps. It's just. uh...
It's the release of it.
I know it's stupid. I know.
It's not gonna take it away.
It's just... I just. um...
I just wanna feel better.
Yeah.
Come here.
[rock music]
♪ ♪
Will you trust me?
For a minute?
[inhales sharply]
[singing in Spanish]
It's okay.
♪ ♪
[wolf howls]
[tense music]
♪ ♪
Press play. Subtitles appear.
200+ languages. One app:  tryray.app